{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red85\green142\blue40;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15400\viewh13840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\documentclass\{article\}\
\\title\{\\LaTeX\\ Workshop Series Exercise 3\}\
\\author\{Your Name Here\}\
\\date\{24 August 2017\} \cf2 % OR \\date\{\\today\}\cf0 \
\\usepackage[utf8]\{inputenc\} \cf2 % this is a common package that you\'92ll find. It allows you to include international characters in your documents. \cf0 \
\
\\begin\{document\}\
\\maketitle\
\\section*\{Introduction\}\
For the most part, you can type normally. Spacing between words is one space. Each new paragraph begins with a blank line, then on a fresh line. If you don't like the way something looks in its document class, there is almost always a package or command that will change the way it looks. Let's try a trickier paragraph.\
\
Congress raised the ceiling an additional \\$0.79 trillion to \\$8.97 trillion,\
which is 68\\% of GDP. As of October 4, 2008, the ``Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008`` raised the current debt ceiling to \\$11.3 trillion. \
\cf2 % quotation marks are made by using two back tics `` and two single apostrophes''\
\cf0 \\section*\{My Shopping List\} \cf2 % note the asterisk after "section" - what does it do? Try taking it out. \
\cf0 \\begin\{itemize\}\cf3  \cf2 % \\begin\{itemize\} and \\end\{itemize\} sets up an environment to create a list\cf0 \
\\item squeaky toy\
\\item memory foam dog bed\
\\item car seat cover\
\\item leash\
\\item collar\
\\item food \\& water dish\
\\item dog food\
\\begin\{enumerate\} \cf2 % by adding enumerate, we can nest a list within our list.\cf0 \
\\item kibble\
\\item dog bones\
\\item peanut butter\
\\end\{enumerate\}\
\\end\{itemize\}\
\\section*\{A Math Teaser!\}\
\cf4 Using the \\$ changes how math looks. Let c = a - b + 1. Now, add the \\$: Let $a$ and $b$ be distinct positive integers and let $c=a-b+1$.\
Add superscript and subscript: $y=c_2 x^2+c_1 x +c_0$\
Use curly brackets to group superscripts and subscripts: $F_n=F_\{n-1\}+F_\{n-2\}$ \
\cf2 % you can also write the \\$\\$ as \\begin\{math\} and \\end\{math\}, just make sure you take out the \\$\cf4 \
Use commands for Greek letters like $\\mu$ and $\\Omega$.\
\cf0 \\end\{document\}\
}