{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\documentclass\{article\}\
\\usepackage[utf8]\{inputenc\}\
\\usepackage\{newunicodechar\}\
\\newunicodechar\{\uc0\u64257 \}\{fi\}\
\\usepackage[english]\{babel\}\
\\usepackage[backend=biber,style=authoryear]\{biblatex\}\
\\addbibresource\{references.bib\}\
\\title\{Fall 2019 Exercise 2\}\
\\author\{Your Name Here\}\
\\date\{August 2019\} % OR\
\\date\{\\today\}\
\\begin\{document\}\
\\maketitle\
\\section*\{Introduction\}\
For the most part, you can type normally. Spacing between words is one space. Each new paragraph begins with a black line, then on a fresh line. If you don't like the way something looks in its document class, there is almost always a package or command that will change the way it looks. Let's try a trickier paragraph.\
\
Congress raised the ceiling an additional \\$0.79 trillion to \\$8.97 trillion,\
which is 68\\% of GDP. As of October 4, 2008, the ``Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008`` raised the current debt ceiling to \\$11.3 trillion. \
% quotation marks are made by using two back tics `` and two single apostrophes''\
\\section*\{My Shopping List\} % note the asterisk after "section" - what does it do? Try taking it out. \
\\begin\{itemize\} % \\begin\{itemize\} and \\end\{itemize\} sets up an environment to create a list\
\\item squeaky toy\
\\item memory foam dog bed\
\\item car seat cover\
\\item leash\
\\item collar\
\\item food \\& water dish\
\\item dog food\
\\begin\{enumerate\} % by adding enumerate, we can nest a list within our list.\
\\item kibble\
\\item dog bones\
\\item peanut butter\
\\end\{enumerate\}\
\\end\{itemize\}\
In \\cite\{knyazeva_duplex_2013\}, the authors explain one thing whereas \\parencite\{singh_erratum:_2013\} suggests this is definitely not the case.\\\\\
In yet another example \\citeauthor\{campbell_how_2011\} tells us something else, and \\textcite\{elsabbagh_microstructure_2014\} builds on that idea.\
\\printbibliography\
\\end\{document\}}